---
layout: post
title: "T-1 Day at RC: Au Revoir Shoshanna"
comments: false
keywords: "Recurse"
tags:
    - RC
---

I am feeling a little weird right now. Maybe it's the e-jetlag or those damn wafers I ate before I started writing this but today is the last day of my mini batch at RC and it has been a glorious week from start to finish. I did not do what I set out to do, actually I abandoned my project in the middle of the week and picked up new projects with two days to spare. I had to completely reverse my circadian rhythm and was often overwhelmed by the people and number of events happening every single day but weird enough when I look back at the week I only remember the amazing conversations, the coolest people, the cringey jokes, the coffee mugs, the zoom interruptions and follow-up apologies. I remember having fun and learning something new every single day and not gonna lie that is a wonderful thing to feel everyday.

So my first week at RC is over and here's to more! As Gandalf once said Never Graduate or was it Morpheus?


#### Presentations Games and Movies !

Last day of the week 
- Had a coffee chat with Nick one of the Founders of RC where I yapped on about myself and my week at RC and then he kinda told me about how RC was born which I though was wicked cool
- Presented my half cooked database called Yeet and the RC world map, The live demo devils were by my sides this time and allz is well
- Ended the day with an Impromptu game night. We played Codenames and it was hella fun !
- Dozed off around 7 AM watching Animatrix at Movie night
- Looking forward to more learning at the weekly study groups meetings I signed up for ! 

